.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
Before submitting this issue, please make sure you have:

 1. Filled out this form completely, the only optional field is "additional info".
	- Use as many details as possible and state the problem clearly.
 2. Proof-read your ENTIRE issue report.
	- Grammar and spelling mistakes make issue reports harder to understand.
 3. Made sure your problem is not caused by an issue in your own modpack.
	- We provide support for MultiMC, not your modpack. Problems with your modpack will be ignored.
 4. Given the issue a descriptive title.
	- A good title includes a brief summary of the issue and avoids things such as "Help" and "What?!".
 5. Place all information below the ---- of lines.
 - It makes the issue look pretty
-->

System Information
-----------------------------
MultiMC version:

Operating System:

Summary of the issue or suggestion:
----------------------------------------------


What should happen:
------------------------------


Steps to reproduce the issue (Add more if needed):
-------------------------------------------------------------
1.

2.

3.

Suspected cause:
---------------------------


Logs/Screenshots:
----------------------------
[//]: # (Please refer to https://github.com/MultiMC/MultiMC5/wiki/Log-Upload for instructions on how to attach your logs.)


Additional Info:
---------------------------

Commit message:

NOISSUE Point people to the wiki for the explanation about bug reports

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
Before submitting this issue, please make sure you have:

 1. Filled out this form completely, the only optional field is "additional info".
	- Use as many details as possible and state the problem clearly.
 2. Proof-read your ENTIRE issue report.
	- Grammar and spelling mistakes make issue reports harder to understand.
 3. Made sure your problem is not caused by an issue in your own modpack.
	- We provide support for MultiMC, not your modpack. Problems with your modpack will be ignored.
 4. Given the issue a descriptive title.
	- A good title includes a brief summary of the issue and avoids things such as "Help" and "What?!".
 5. Place all information below the ---- of lines.
 - It makes the issue look pretty
 
If you believe your issue to be a bug, please make sure you check the wiki page: https://github.com/MultiMC/MultiMC5/wiki/Report-a-Bug
-->

System Information
-----------------------------
MultiMC version:

Operating System:

Summary of the issue or suggestion:
----------------------------------------------


What should happen:
------------------------------


Steps to reproduce the issue (Add more if needed):
-------------------------------------------------------------
1.

2.

3.

Suspected cause:
---------------------------


Logs/Screenshots:
----------------------------
[//]: # (Please refer to https://github.com/MultiMC/MultiMC5/wiki/Log-Upload for instructions on how to attach your logs.)


Additional Info:
---------------------------
