#MultiMC Changelog

##0.5.0
- In development...

##0.4.0
- Jar support in 1.6+
- Deprecated legacy instances
  - Legacy instances can still be used but not created
  - All Minecraft versions are supported in the new instance format
- All instance editing and settings dialogs were turned into pages
  - The edit instance dialog contains pages relevant to editing and settings
  - The console window contains pages useful when playing the game
- Redone the screenshot management and upload (page)
- Added a way to display and manage log files and crash reports generated by Minecraft (page)
- Added measures to prevent corruption of version files
  - Minecraft version files are no longer part of the instances by default
- Added help for the newly added dialog pages
- Made logs uploaded to paste.ee expire after a month
- Fixed a few bugs related to liteloader and forge (1.7.10 issues)
- Icon themes. Two new themes where added (work in progress)
- Changelog and update channel are now visible in the update dialog
- Several performance improvements to the group view
- Added keyboard navigation to the group view

##0.3.9
- Workaround for 1.7.10 Forge

##0.3.8
- Workaround for performance issues with Intel integrated graphics chips

##0.3.7
- Fixed forge for 1.7.10-pre4 (and any future prereleases)

##0.3.6
- New server status - now with more color
- Fix for FTB tracking issues
- Fix for translations on OSX not working
- Screenshot dialog should be harder to lose track of when used from the console window
- A crash handler implementation has been added.

##0.3.5
- More versions are now selectable when changing instance versions
- Fix for Forge/FML changing its mcmod.info metadata format

##0.3.4
- Show a list of Patreon patrons in credits section of the about dialog
- Make the console window raise itself after minecraft closes
- Add Control/Command+q shortcut to quit from the main window
- Add french translation
- Download and cache FML libs for legacy versions
- Update the OS X icon
- Fix FTB libraries not being used properly

##0.3.3
- Tweak context menu to prevent accidental clicks
- Fix adding icons to custom icon directories
- Added a Patreon button to the toolbar
- Minecraft authentication tasks now provide better error reports

##0.3.2
- Fix issues with libraries not getting replaced properly (fixes instance startup for new instances)
- Fix april fools

##0.3.1
- Fix copying of FTB instances (instance type is changed properly now)
- Customizing FTB pack versions will remove the FTB pack patch file

##0.3
- Improved instance view
- Overhauled 1.6+ version loading
- Added a patch system for instance modification
  - There is no longer a single custom.json file that overrides version.json
  - Instead there are now "patch" files in <instance>/patches/, one for each main tweaker (forge, liteloader etc.)
  - These patches are applied after version.json in a customisable order,
  - A list of these files is shown in the left most tab in the Edit Mods dialog, where a list of libraries was shown before.
  - custom.json can still be used for overriding everything.
- Offline mode can be used even when online
- Show an "empty" message in version selector dialogs
- Fix FTB paths on windows
- Tooling support
  - JProfiler
  - JVisualVM
  - MCEdit
- Don't assume forge in FTB instances and allow other libraries (liteloader, mcpatcher, etc.) in FTB instances
- Screenshot uploading/managing
- Instance badges
- Some pre/post command stuff (remove the timeout, variable substitution)
- Fix logging when the system language is not en_US
- Setting PermGen to 64 will now omit the java parameter because it is the default
- Fix encoding of escape sequences (tabs and newlines) in config files

##0.2.1
- Hotfix - move the native library extraction into the onesix launcher part.

##0.2
- Java memory settings have MB added to the number to make the units obvious.
- Complete rework of the launcher part. No more sensitive information in the process arguments.
- Cached downloads now do not destroy files on failure.
- Mojang service status is now on the MultiMC status bar.
- Java checker is no longer needed/used on instance launch.
- Support for private FTB packs.
- Fixed instance ID issues related to copying FTB packs without changing the instance name.
- Forge versions are better sorted (build numbers above 999 were sorted wrong).
- Fixed crash related to the MultiMC update channel picker in offline mode.
- Started using icon themes for the application icons, fixing many OSX graphical glitches.
- Icon sources have been located, along with icon licenses.
- Update to the German translation.

##0.1.1
- Hotfix - Changed the issue tracker URL to [GitHub issues](https://github.com/MultiMC/MultiMC5/issues).

##0.1
- Reworked the version numbering system to support our [new Git workflow](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/).
- Added a tray icon for the console window.
- Fixed instances getting deselected after FTB instances are loaded (or whenever the model is reset).
- Implemented proxy settings.
- Fixed sorting of Java installations in the Java list.
- Jar files are now distributed separately, rather than being extracted from the binary at runtime.
- Added additional information to the about dialog.

##0.0
- Initial release.
