libraries/README.md, before:

# Third-party libraries

This folder has third-party or otherwise external libraries needed for other parts to work.

## classparser

A simplistic parser for Java class files.

This library has served as a base for some (much more full-featured and advanced) work under NDA for AVG. It, however, should NOT be confused with that work.

Copyright belongs to Petr Mrázek, unless explicitly stated otherwise in the source files. Available under the Apache 2.0 license.

## gamemode

A performance optimization daemon.

See [github repo](https://github.com/FeralInteractive/gamemode).

BSD-3-Clause licensed

## hoedown

Hoedown is a revived fork of Sundown, the Markdown parser based on the original code of the Upskirt library by Natacha Porté.

See [github repo](https://github.com/hoedown/hoedown).

## javacheck

Simple Java tool that prints the JVM details - version and platform bitness.

Do what you want with it. It is so trivial that noone cares.

## Katabasis

Oauth2 library customized for Microsoft authentication.

This is a fork of the [O2 library](https://github.com/pipacs/o2).

MIT licensed.

## launcher

Java launcher part for Minecraft.

It:

- Starts a process
- Waits for a launch script on stdin
- Consumes the launch script you feed it
- Proceeds with launch when it gets the `launcher` command

This means the process is essentially idle until the final command is sent. You can, for example, attach a profiler before you send it.

A `legacy` and `onesix` launchers are available.

- `legacy` is intended for use with Minecraft versions < 1.6 and is deprecated.
- `onesix` can handle launching any Minecraft version, at the cost of some extra features `legacy` enables (custom window icon and title).

Example (some parts have been censored):

```
mod legacyjavafixer-1.0
mainClass net.minecraft.launchwrapper.Launch
param --username
param CENSORED
param --version
param MultiMC5
param --gameDir
param /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/17ForgeTest/minecraft
param --assetsDir
param /home/peterix/minecraft/mmc5/assets
param --assetIndex
param 1.7.10
param --uuid
param CENSORED
param --accessToken
param CENSORED
param --userProperties
param {}
param --userType
param mojang
param --tweakClass
param cpw.mods.fml.common.launcher.FMLTweaker
windowTitle MultiMC: 172ForgeTest
windowParams 854x480
userName CENSORED
sessionId token:CENSORED:CENSORED
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/mojang/realms/1.3.5/realms-1.3.5.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/commons/commons-compress/1.8.1/commons-compress-1.8.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/httpcomponents/httpclient/4.3.3/httpclient-4.3.3.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/commons-logging/commons-logging/1.1.3/commons-logging-1.1.3.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/httpcomponents/httpcore/4.3.2/httpcore-4.3.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/java3d/vecmath/1.3.1/vecmath-1.3.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/sf/trove4j/trove4j/3.0.3/trove4j-3.0.3.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/ibm/icu/icu4j-core-mojang/51.2/icu4j-core-mojang-51.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/sf/jopt-simple/jopt-simple/4.5/jopt-simple-4.5.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/codecjorbis/20101023/codecjorbis-20101023.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/codecwav/20101023/codecwav-20101023.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/libraryjavasound/20101123/libraryjavasound-20101123.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/librarylwjglopenal/20100824/librarylwjglopenal-20100824.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/soundsystem/20120107/soundsystem-20120107.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/io/netty/netty-all/4.0.10.Final/netty-all-4.0.10.Final.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/google/guava/guava/16.0/guava-16.0.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/commons/commons-lang3/3.2.1/commons-lang3-3.2.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/commons-io/commons-io/2.4/commons-io-2.4.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/commons-codec/commons-codec/1.9/commons-codec-1.9.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/java/jinput/jinput/2.0.5/jinput-2.0.5.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/java/jutils/jutils/1.0.0/jutils-1.0.0.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/google/code/gson/gson/2.2.4/gson-2.2.4.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/mojang/authlib/1.5.16/authlib-1.5.16.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/logging/log4j/log4j-api/2.0-beta9/log4j-api-2.0-beta9.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/logging/log4j/log4j-core/2.0-beta9/log4j-core-2.0-beta9.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/lwjgl/lwjgl/lwjgl/2.9.1/lwjgl-2.9.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/lwjgl/lwjgl/lwjgl_util/2.9.1/lwjgl_util-2.9.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/tv/twitch/twitch/5.16/twitch-5.16.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/minecraftforge/forge/1.7.10-10.13.0.1178/forge-1.7.10-10.13.0.1178.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/minecraft/launchwrapper/1.9/launchwrapper-1.9.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/ow2/asm/asm-all/4.1/asm-all-4.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/typesafe/akka/akka-actor_2.11/2.3.3/akka-actor_2.11-2.3.3.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/typesafe/config/1.2.1/config-1.2.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-actors-migration_2.11/1.1.0/scala-actors-migration_2.11-1.1.0.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-compiler/2.11.1/scala-compiler-2.11.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/plugins/scala-continuations-library_2.11/1.0.2/scala-continuations-library_2.11-1.0.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/plugins/scala-continuations-plugin_2.11.1/1.0.2/scala-continuations-plugin_2.11.1-1.0.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-library/2.11.1/scala-library-2.11.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-parser-combinators_2.11/1.0.1/scala-parser-combinators_2.11-1.0.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-reflect/2.11.1/scala-reflect-2.11.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-swing_2.11/1.0.1/scala-swing_2.11-1.0.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-xml_2.11/1.0.2/scala-xml_2.11-1.0.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/lzma/lzma/0.0.1/lzma-0.0.1.jar
ext /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/lwjgl/lwjgl/lwjgl-platform/2.9.1/lwjgl-platform-2.9.1-natives-linux.jar
ext /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/java/jinput/jinput-platform/2.0.5/jinput-platform-2.0.5-natives-linux.jar
natives /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/17ForgeTest/natives
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/versions/1.7.10/1.7.10.jar
launcher onesix
```

Available under `GPL-3.0-only` (with classpath exception), sublicensed from its original `Apache-2.0` codebase

## libnbtplusplus

libnbt++ is a free C++ library for Minecraft's file format Named Binary Tag (NBT). It can read and write compressed and uncompressed NBT files and provides a code interface for working with NBT data.

See [github repo](https://github.com/ljfa-ag/libnbtplusplus).

Available either under LGPL version 3 or later.

## LocalPeer

Library for making only one instance of the application run at all times.

BSD licensed, derived from [QtSingleApplication](https://github.com/qtproject/qt-solutions/tree/master/qtsingleapplication).

Changes are made to make the code more generic and useful in less usual conditions.

## murmur2

Canonical implementation of the murmur2 hash, taken from [SMHasher](https://github.com/aappleby/smhasher).

Public domain (the author disclaimed the copyright).

## quazip

A zip manipulation library.

LGPL 2.1 with linking exception.

## rainbow

Color functions extracted from [KGuiAddons](https://inqlude.org/libraries/kguiaddons.html). Used for adaptive text coloring.

Available either under LGPL version 2.1 or later.

## systeminfo

A PolyMC-specific library for probing system information.

Apache 2.0

## tomlplusplus

A TOML language parser. Used by Forge 1.14+ to store mod metadata.

See [github repo](https://github.com/marzer/tomlplusplus).

Licenced under the MIT licence.

## xz-embedded

Tiny implementation of LZMA2 de/compression. This format was only used by Forge to save bandwidth.

Public domain.

Commit message:

feat: add gulrak/filesystem submodule
... for old macs that don't have std::filesystem in their stdlib.

Signed-off-by: flow <flowlnlnln@gmail.com>

libraries/README.md, after:

# Third-party libraries

This folder has third-party or otherwise external libraries needed for other parts to work.

## classparser

A simplistic parser for Java class files.

This library has served as a base for some (much more full-featured and advanced) work under NDA for AVG. It, however, should NOT be confused with that work.

Copyright belongs to Petr Mrázek, unless explicitly stated otherwise in the source files. Available under the Apache 2.0 license.

## filesystem

Gulrak's implementation of C++17 std::filesystem for C++11 /C++14/C++17/C++20 on Windows, macOS, Linux and FreeBSD.

See [github repo](https://github.com/gulrak/filesystem).

MIT licensed.

## gamemode

A performance optimization daemon.

See [github repo](https://github.com/FeralInteractive/gamemode).

BSD-3-Clause licensed

## hoedown

Hoedown is a revived fork of Sundown, the Markdown parser based on the original code of the Upskirt library by Natacha Porté.

See [github repo](https://github.com/hoedown/hoedown).

## javacheck

Simple Java tool that prints the JVM details - version and platform bitness.

Do what you want with it. It is so trivial that noone cares.

## Katabasis

Oauth2 library customized for Microsoft authentication.

This is a fork of the [O2 library](https://github.com/pipacs/o2).

MIT licensed.

## launcher

Java launcher part for Minecraft.

It:

- Starts a process
- Waits for a launch script on stdin
- Consumes the launch script you feed it
- Proceeds with launch when it gets the `launcher` command

This means the process is essentially idle until the final command is sent. You can, for example, attach a profiler before you send it.

A `legacy` and `onesix` launchers are available.

- `legacy` is intended for use with Minecraft versions < 1.6 and is deprecated.
- `onesix` can handle launching any Minecraft version, at the cost of some extra features `legacy` enables (custom window icon and title).

Example (some parts have been censored):

```
mod legacyjavafixer-1.0
mainClass net.minecraft.launchwrapper.Launch
param --username
param CENSORED
param --version
param MultiMC5
param --gameDir
param /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/17ForgeTest/minecraft
param --assetsDir
param /home/peterix/minecraft/mmc5/assets
param --assetIndex
param 1.7.10
param --uuid
param CENSORED
param --accessToken
param CENSORED
param --userProperties
param {}
param --userType
param mojang
param --tweakClass
param cpw.mods.fml.common.launcher.FMLTweaker
windowTitle MultiMC: 172ForgeTest
windowParams 854x480
userName CENSORED
sessionId token:CENSORED:CENSORED
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/mojang/realms/1.3.5/realms-1.3.5.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/commons/commons-compress/1.8.1/commons-compress-1.8.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/httpcomponents/httpclient/4.3.3/httpclient-4.3.3.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/commons-logging/commons-logging/1.1.3/commons-logging-1.1.3.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/httpcomponents/httpcore/4.3.2/httpcore-4.3.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/java3d/vecmath/1.3.1/vecmath-1.3.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/sf/trove4j/trove4j/3.0.3/trove4j-3.0.3.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/ibm/icu/icu4j-core-mojang/51.2/icu4j-core-mojang-51.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/sf/jopt-simple/jopt-simple/4.5/jopt-simple-4.5.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/codecjorbis/20101023/codecjorbis-20101023.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/codecwav/20101023/codecwav-20101023.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/libraryjavasound/20101123/libraryjavasound-20101123.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/librarylwjglopenal/20100824/librarylwjglopenal-20100824.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/paulscode/soundsystem/20120107/soundsystem-20120107.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/io/netty/netty-all/4.0.10.Final/netty-all-4.0.10.Final.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/google/guava/guava/16.0/guava-16.0.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/commons/commons-lang3/3.2.1/commons-lang3-3.2.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/commons-io/commons-io/2.4/commons-io-2.4.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/commons-codec/commons-codec/1.9/commons-codec-1.9.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/java/jinput/jinput/2.0.5/jinput-2.0.5.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/java/jutils/jutils/1.0.0/jutils-1.0.0.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/google/code/gson/gson/2.2.4/gson-2.2.4.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/mojang/authlib/1.5.16/authlib-1.5.16.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/logging/log4j/log4j-api/2.0-beta9/log4j-api-2.0-beta9.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/apache/logging/log4j/log4j-core/2.0-beta9/log4j-core-2.0-beta9.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/lwjgl/lwjgl/lwjgl/2.9.1/lwjgl-2.9.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/lwjgl/lwjgl/lwjgl_util/2.9.1/lwjgl_util-2.9.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/tv/twitch/twitch/5.16/twitch-5.16.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/minecraftforge/forge/1.7.10-10.13.0.1178/forge-1.7.10-10.13.0.1178.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/minecraft/launchwrapper/1.9/launchwrapper-1.9.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/ow2/asm/asm-all/4.1/asm-all-4.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/typesafe/akka/akka-actor_2.11/2.3.3/akka-actor_2.11-2.3.3.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/com/typesafe/config/1.2.1/config-1.2.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-actors-migration_2.11/1.1.0/scala-actors-migration_2.11-1.1.0.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-compiler/2.11.1/scala-compiler-2.11.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/plugins/scala-continuations-library_2.11/1.0.2/scala-continuations-library_2.11-1.0.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/plugins/scala-continuations-plugin_2.11.1/1.0.2/scala-continuations-plugin_2.11.1-1.0.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-library/2.11.1/scala-library-2.11.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-parser-combinators_2.11/1.0.1/scala-parser-combinators_2.11-1.0.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-reflect/2.11.1/scala-reflect-2.11.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-swing_2.11/1.0.1/scala-swing_2.11-1.0.1.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/scala-lang/scala-xml_2.11/1.0.2/scala-xml_2.11-1.0.2.jar
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/lzma/lzma/0.0.1/lzma-0.0.1.jar
ext /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/org/lwjgl/lwjgl/lwjgl-platform/2.9.1/lwjgl-platform-2.9.1-natives-linux.jar
ext /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/libraries/net/java/jinput/jinput-platform/2.0.5/jinput-platform-2.0.5-natives-linux.jar
natives /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/17ForgeTest/natives
cp /home/peterix/minecraft/FTB/versions/1.7.10/1.7.10.jar
launcher onesix
```

Available under `GPL-3.0-only` (with classpath exception), sublicensed from its original `Apache-2.0` codebase

## libnbtplusplus

libnbt++ is a free C++ library for Minecraft's file format Named Binary Tag (NBT). It can read and write compressed and uncompressed NBT files and provides a code interface for working with NBT data.

See [github repo](https://github.com/ljfa-ag/libnbtplusplus).

Available either under LGPL version 3 or later.

## LocalPeer

Library for making only one instance of the application run at all times.

BSD licensed, derived from [QtSingleApplication](https://github.com/qtproject/qt-solutions/tree/master/qtsingleapplication).

Changes are made to make the code more generic and useful in less usual conditions.

## murmur2

Canonical implementation of the murmur2 hash, taken from [SMHasher](https://github.com/aappleby/smhasher).

Public domain (the author disclaimed the copyright).

## quazip

A zip manipulation library.

LGPL 2.1 with linking exception.

## rainbow

Color functions extracted from [KGuiAddons](https://inqlude.org/libraries/kguiaddons.html). Used for adaptive text coloring.

Available either under LGPL version 2.1 or later.

## systeminfo

A PolyMC-specific library for probing system information.

Apache 2.0

## tomlplusplus

A TOML language parser. Used by Forge 1.14+ to store mod metadata.

See [github repo](https://github.com/marzer/tomlplusplus).

Licenced under the MIT licence.

## xz-embedded

Tiny implementation of LZMA2 de/compression. This format was only used by Forge to save bandwidth.

Public domain.
